how are we
welcome to coffee with coffee 157 of 365
How dramatic is this light, I'm not going to
cheat not I would tell you initiating me to the
playstation although it seems lie I do not
I had playstation3 and since yesterday I have
so it happens to you all the fucking day
as a psychopath will happen to you I suppose
moment I do not want to know anything legal and in
the next day
the point is that it's one thing that came out
because I was safer
Hello
it's a gameplay
there are people who see it every day
is
and it goes
good as you see, I do not have a captor,
is recording by the camera position
control but I'm a little line
purple ninja
it's a little
It has been very complicated
Paris
I'm looking for the combination of in that
he threw it against the hedges and he caught
single
hot
but
Robert
I was confident
or not
and
and opening a little in the air I like
let there be a waste of you
sevilla the treasure does not seem to me that
makes do not
who has been or is not a son of a bitch who
has taken a nap
what the fuck
to fight
but no no
it's a bit similar in the zones
caught up
no no no
or not
and the revenge of the child that friends some
day has to happen if you've lost what I've
got it says very well victory for
I have made another character made for
characters more than you think to me
I teach good there we go creating a
character that is the set
and this gentleman to whom the so-called lord
dignity
or not
it is the most empire combat in history
the music is invisible
why
in fact
by the way and I made a sub zero
what
because it 's all
Paris
how you hear it is the winner
and for those who are
we have had a great time
no no no
God fuck with my allowed
I want to come back
I cut the slices but
I have the people point
in a combat
until no no no
for me
me neither
not to handle
in which in jail
fantastic
and basically this is my day today
this and other games
I am a human being
and although
I have to record videos of coffees too
I have the right to have fun
from time to time thank you subscribe
and give him the radio le olé olé
and
and that is now yes